My wife finished drinking.
Everything changed suddenly.
Red eyes
Red nails
There are also ghostly markings on his face.
I was terrified.
I just want to run away
He fled into the camp and hid in a box.
Prince
I have no other intention
Notify me after getting this mark
You to your wife
What are the symptoms?
I fell madly in love with her.
The scariest thing is
Every full moon night
My blood and qi surged.
Each of his smiles
His breath
Like a poisonous snake that sinks into my heart
Give thanks every full moon night
What a poisonous snake!
Prince
Please don't lock me up!
I'm just someone who reads the classics.
The scholar blinded by lust
Prince
If it wasn't for your beauty...
He saved my life when I was little.
I won't come back with you.
What did you give me to eat?
Are you trying to plot against me again?
Immediately
Tell me how to break the curse.
Mutually
Love penetrates to the bones, but not to the blood.
Love brings its rewards and longing finds its resolution.
Unrequited love and the pain of unrequited love
The first step to dispelling the curse
You need to take my blood first.
But you can't hurt me.
I am also very afraid of pain.
It is impossible for me to give you my blood of my own free will.
I can't stop you from hurting yourself.
Is this fair?
What are you going to do now?
Why did you bring me here?
Look
This person
Do you know him?
I don't know
How could Your Highness be so easily...
I was released.
Why is my ninth aunt here too?
Lady
How did she get here?
I guess this is your ninth aunt
You're here to save your ninth aunt's husband, right?
What exactly do you want to do?
Open your eyes and look carefully!
This way
And there.
This whole street
I surrounded them all with archers.
With a simple snap of your fingers
They would then place all the arrows
They all shot your ninth aunt.
Your ninth aunt's husband is nothing more than a...
The weak scholar
It is probably unrecoverable.
Then at that moment
They will both be
A thousand arrows
Piercing Heart
No wonder my seventh aunt said
handsome men
These are all poisonous forest mushrooms.
The prettier they are, the more vicious they are.
You
What exactly happened to you?
You risked your life to save me when I was little.
What happened to you?
Stop talking nonsense and give me the blood.
So at least untie me first.
The last time you tied me up
It was in the dilapidated temple in Luoxia Forest.
At that moment
It was the second day after the full moon.
Why do you say that?
What else can we do?
Let me let you do it
Let's relive this night!
As long as I snap my fingers
The love potion inside you
This will come into effect
This will awaken your desire
Shen
ball
Lang
Absurdity
This king would never...
Let's get started.
To walk
Your face
It's so hot!
Your ears are all red too.
to start
I think too much.
Sound familiar?
Don't run away!
Your heart is beating so fast.
My breathing is very rapid.
The way you look at me now
Just like that night
Cursed Gu
Stop!
The night is still long.
Bear it yourself.
Crimson
The return of the imperial uncle to town is strange to say the least.
Not only did I not go to Jianxiangzhai
He also brought back a wife.
If the secret report is accurate
Before a stick of incense
He also formed a squad of archers
It is
Aunt Jiu, come with me!
girl
My aunt never did hard work.
How can hands be so rough?
Shen Miao
You lied to me using my family.
No wonder they asked me to paint a portrait of Lianhua.
Your wife, who is like a ghost and a demon.
Draw it for me
Stop the Gu
I'm lying.
Poisonous mushrooms
They used my family to defraud me.
Do you really believe me?
Give me your blood
Otherwise
I will pierce him with a thousand arrows.
How does our conflict concern anyone else?
Help! Someone got shot!
Don't be afraid, I'm very strong.
I'll take you to the clinic.
Lead the way
Come with me
Prince
Qingniang, haven't I already said it?
Do not put arrowheads on arrows.
How could this still hurt people?
We have indeed changed.
Find two people
Bring back this scholar
You personally brought Shen Yuheng
Take him back to the Prince of Yan's residence for treatment.
Yes
The rest of you, come with me.
Your Highness
Please wait.
I never imagined it would still be because of me.
Accidentally hurt someone
Your Highness
What are you looking at?
Focus on saving lives.
Yes
He's a prince
Stop the bleeding
What's wrong?
What do you think?
Rosemary
GOOD
Come
What do you think?
Wow, you're really good at hiding things!
No wonder I couldn't find it.
You lied to me.
I'm going to lie to you.
You lied to me first.
You've never seen a single jade-sized slave
You are no longer allowed to pursue Yu Yaonu.
Do you understand?
Know
Even if you are the same as when you were little
The changes are quite significant.
Fortunately
You still can't stand to see me die.
After keeping the promise I made when I was a child
We are tied now.
Finally, a major problem was resolved.
That's why you stayed by my side.
Don't worry
I will definitely find all the jade-cut slaves.
You still have rosemary on you.
Why is my speaking spell not working?
Rosemary, that burning thing
These twelve years
I eat it like food
It's already in my blood.
I am a jade-waisted slave, not a wild beast.
Why did you tie me up?
The prince's grandson
The crown prince's wounds were treated.
His condition is not serious.
He wants to see you.
knew
Watch her for me.
Don't let her talk nonsense.
Yes
Our prince...
My emotions are generally pretty stable.
This time
Something big must have happened.
A little restless
Please don't be offended.
GOOD
He's my savior.
I can still stand it.
The grandson's hand was not injured.
Why should I, the king, feed them myself?
I was so scared last night
My wrist still hurts.
Yuheng was afraid of accidentally knocking over the bowl.
Wouldn't that disappoint the imperial uncle?
Did you personally prepare the medicine for me?
Then return to the palace.
Inside the palace
A doctor will naturally prepare the medicine for you.
I now return to the palace, injured.
I'm just afraid of worrying my grandfather.
Yuheng wants to stay with the imperial uncle for two days.
You definitely know how to choose a location!
Yuheng then took this as his uncle's agreement.
It's a funny coincidence.
Yesterday was the death anniversary of Zhaohua's mother.
I fixed his mother's things.
I was about to give it to him.
But suddenly an accident happened.
I wonder if I could disturb my imperial uncle?
Please forward this to him.
After all, she was the one you sent to war before.
The bride who personally requested the marriage decree.
This medicine is very bitter.
Could you ask Uncle Imperial?
Could you bring me some candied fruit?
Zhaohua
Why are you here?
I
I heard there are assassins out there.
I came to take a look.
How are you ?
I'm doing well.
He's the one who's in trouble.
Zhaohua
There has been a lot of unrest in town lately.
You should still do your best.
One less person leaves
If the clinic needs anything
I will ask Qingniang to send people.
I'll buy it for you.
Sister Zhaohua
I was hurt last night
There was significant blood loss.
Would you mind taking another look at this for me?
The art of sound was also useless against him.
It seems
I don't even remember who I am anymore.
Otherwise
I'd better go back to the Land of Illusions.
A life-saving grace is greater than heaven.
The promise I made when I was a child
I have to do this, don't I?
Nevermind
Let's stay here for now.
Bad door
Zhaohua
You usually take care of the crown prince.
Look at it carefully again.
You stay there without moving.
How can you help me take a look?
Shen Miao
Do you know?
Your eyes look like those of a beast right now.
Give me
You are a human being
You should hold back.
I can't give it to you.
The prince has a new secret.
I must inform His Highness the Crown Prince immediately.
I heard you were going to stay here to recover.
Your marriage to the imperial uncle is approaching.
They must have frequent interactions.
I moved in
Isn't that more convenient for us?
Healing?
I'm leaving.
Zhaohua
I want
We can't stay here!
Both sides are so lively
Why can't I be a beast?
MkvDrama.Net